Read from files (#15)
secret-scanner/action: README.md

      - name: Checkout Repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Secret Scanner

>         uses: secret-scanner/action@main #or latest release

Reviewer: Best practice is in fact to do `@full-sha`: 
https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/security-hardening-for-github-actions#using-third-party-actions

Author: Noted. I will drop the commit which switches from `0.0.2` to main for now. Then after this is merged update the README to point to the new HEAD commit

Reviewer: I think instead of pointing to head you should have `main` list the SHA of the latest release.

Reviewer: But we'll probably want a new release with these new features 🙂

Author: I just created a new release. https://github.com/secret-scanner/action/pull/16

I think this PR will be my probably be last contribution to this project for the next 2 weeks so I just did this manually for now, but If I start working on this a lot again I will try and write something to bump this automatically whenever a new tag is released

```

### Ignoring false positives
Often you might have strings that the secret scanner determines are secrets, but are actually harmless. Examples of these might be:
1. Docker tags
2. Git commit SHA's
3. Randomly generated base64 strings

For these cases, it is useful to ignore certain files, lines, or "secrets". You can do this using the files:

> - `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_files_regex.txt`

Reviewer: I'd suggest this as the filename ("txt" doesn't tell anyone anything):
```suggestion
# File: .github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_files.patterns
```

(And similar for the others)

- `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_secrets_regex.txt`
- `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_lines_regex.txt`

> While the path defaults to `.github/actions/secret-scanner`, you can change this with the input `exclude_files_path`. Blank lines, or lines starting with `#` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the path defaults to `.github/actions/secret-scanner`, you can change this with the input `exclude_files_path`. Blank lines and lines starting with `#` will be ignored.
```

#### How to use excluded_files_regex.txt
On each line, write the regex for a filepath that you wish to ignore. For example:
```
# File: .github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_files_regex.txt
# Lines starting with the char '#' are ignored

> .*-sealed.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.*-sealed\.json$
```

> \.github/actions/spelling/.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\.github/actions/spelling/
```

        uses: secret-scanner/action@0.0.2
```

### Ignoring false positives
Often you might have strings that the secret scanner determines are secrets, but are actually harmless. Examples of these might be:
1. Docker tags
2. Git commit SHA's
3. Randomly generated base64 strings

For these cases, it is useful to ignore certain files, lines, or "secrets". You can do this using the files:
- `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_files.patterns`
- `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_secrets.patterns`
- `.github/actions/secret-scanner/excluded_lines.patterns`

While the path defaults to `.github/actions/secret-scanner`, you can change this with the input `exclude_files_path`. Blank lines and lines starting with `#` will be ignored.

#### How to use excluded_files.patterns

> On each line, write the regex for a filepath that you wish to ignore. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each line, write the regex for the path to the file to ignore. For example:
```

While the path defaults to `.github/actions/secret-scanner`, you can change this with the input `exclude_files_path`. Blank lines and lines starting with `#` will be ignored.

#### How to use excluded_files.patterns

> On each line, write the regex for the path to the file to ignore. For example:

Reviewer: With this change, you can drop the item from expect 😉
